next day I headed east this was one of
the worst hit areas in the 2004 tsunami
people here have been rebuilding their
lives and I'm not surprised that turtle
conservation isn't a big priority on the
right-hand side there there's the sea
and then people living so close to the
water it's I mean you know when that
wave came I mean people just wouldn't
have a chance and you can see that in
all these buildings have been ruined and
just trying to think about all the
people that would have lost their lives
are nice it's terrible really
not far from this devastation was
someone I wanted to meet a fisherman
called chandrasiri who just been fine
for poaching turtle eggs it's banned
because of its crippling effect on
turtle populations I asked chandrasiri
if he knew that what he'd done was
against the law I did anything the nadir
you know what it in boonton a ton ami
del maguey wipe it would be a lie if I
said I didn't know if I let it slip wet
and oily moody an Elohim wallet thought
my wife was pregnant at the time so she
told me to bring some eggs home if I
found any while I was out fishing
everything okay honey now a decir
targeting Obama or not maybe there's
anything we can now look it's something
everybody does if they came across any
eggs they bring them home they collect
them if they see any any MIDI an ID how
are you going to get the money for the
fine well I didn't like it at the
lombardi by UL vas dere vanuatu I had to
pawn my wife's jewelry to the bank
that's how I raised the money Jarrod
that hard ideally the lady in red and
didn't want to tell my brothers and
sisters I didn't want to beg so I
thought of finding a solution on my own
oh my god a not you know I think now
that you've gone through this experience
do you understand why you were arrested
for taking the turtles eggs amazing they
made nobody explained it to me we've not
been informed nobody has created
awareness amongst us all we know is the
turtles live for a long time and that
it's a sin to kill them without of pavia
the fine was 20,000 rupees almost a
hundred quid for this man a very big
deal nine months wages I was shocked God
what this pregnant God speak
I gag anyway everything feel really sad
because I don't feel angry at him at all
it's a really poor guy and he's got a
pregnant wife and he obviously she
wanted to something to eat and you just
did what he thought was right please
family and I think the biggest thing
that came out of it I don't think he
understands why it is wrong to do that
and I think that that's that's the
trouble with this is that people are
actually quite innocent as well and if
they had more education they probably
won't get themselves into the situation